this is the Korg Krome music workstation
today I'm playing the version with 61
semi weighted keys this keyboard is also
available in a 73 key version or an 88
key version which has weighted hammer
action keys at the heart of this
keyboard is this large 7-inch color
touch screen with the screen you can
easily browse through the sounds and
change parameters you can even edit your
sequencer recordings using the piano
roll editor the chrome comes equipped
with a 640 program sounds and 280
combination sounds here you'll find a
wide variety of sounds including pianos
synths electric pianos organ strings
brass and many more they've also
included sound from the core Kronos
including the jazz ambience drums and
the German grand this groundbreaking
piano sound features 88 full-length
unloop stereo samples the drum track
feature is great for solo performers and
songwriters simply press the drum track
button to instantly play along with a
drum pattern based on whatever sound
you're using if you mainly use your
keyboard in studio you can download the
free chrome editor which allows you to
edit sounds from your computer this
keyboard is also perfect for gigging
musicians at just under 16 pounds it's
incredibly lightweight but don't let
that fool you this keyboard packs a
serious punch under the aluminum panel
the chrome has three point eight
gigabytes of PCM memory dual polyphonic
arpeggiators and 193 effects including
amp and cabinet simulations using corks
our EMS modeling technology
other features include USB and SD card
slot MIDI 3 foot controller inputs and a
16-track sequencer with real-time
pattern play and recording the korg
krome 61 key synthesizer and workstation
comes with so many high-quality features
it's an unbelievable keyboard for its
class it's a great workstation for the
studio but it's also a perfect synth for
gigging musician